Use scarb metadata (#133)
software-mansion/cairo-coverage: CHANGELOG.md

- `cairo-coverage clean` command to remove all generated files. This is useful as by default, if a coverage report already exists, the new report is
  appended to it. So if you want to start fresh, you can use this command.

#### Changed

> - `cairo-coverage` must be call with in `scarb` workspace as now it uses `scarb metadata` to infer the project root directory

Reviewer: not sure what that means :D

Author: It is now the same case as with snforge: if I have my scarb project in `/path/to/my/project`, cairo-coverage must be called from inside `/path/to/my/project`. It can be called from a nested directory, such as `/path/to/my/project/another/dir`, but it cannot be called from a higher-level directory, such as `/path/to/my`, as metadata will fail. Unless you pass `--project-path`. Then metadata is not called

Reviewer: Oh I understand it from the code, I mean the wording in the changelog is off a bit :D 

```suggestion
- `cairo-coverage` must be called within a scarb-managed workspace as now it uses `scarb metadata` to infer the project root directory
```

maybe this could do the trick?

Author: Thanks 😄. Updated
